Update deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-tiup.md (#368)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-tiup.md

---

> title: Deploy a DM Cluster Using TiUP (Experimental Features)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deploy a DM Cluster Using TiUP (Experimental)
```

summary: Learn how to deploy TiDB Data Migration using TiUP DM.
aliases: ['/docs/tidb-data-migration/dev/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-ansible/','/docs/tools/dm/deployment/','/tidb-data-migration/dev/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-ansible']
---

# Deploy a DM Cluster Using TiUP (Experimental)

> > **Note:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
```

> # Deploy a DM Cluster Using TiUP (Experimental Features)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy a DM Cluster Using TiUP (Experimental)
```

>

> > This document introduces the experimental features. It is **NOT** recommended to deploy a DM cluster using TiUP in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using TiUP to deploy a DM cluster is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended to use TiUP to deploy a DM cluster in production.
```
